# Sprint 08 | Angular Plugins & API en Node.js + MySQL

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 17.1.3.

## Introduction

Welcome to Sprint 08: The aim of this sprint will be to work and get to know all those plugins that your future clients usually need in many of their projects. Much of this information generated by the plugins will have to be saved in a database. Therefore, we will create an API in Node.js + MySQL or Mongo.

This practice is free-themed, therefore, you will have to be very creative and creative, possibly you will have to teach it in several job interviews.

## Setup and Installation

To get this project up and running on your local machine, follow these steps:

1. Clone this repository to your local machine.
2. Navigate to the project directory.
3. We have two folders ( backend & frontend ).

Frontend →

`npm install`

Backend →

`npm i express dotenv cors sequelize mysql2`

`npm install -g nodemon`

`tsc --watch`

`nodemon dist/index.js`

4. We have user_db on db_import forlder.
   
   4.1 - Install Xampp
   
   4.2 - Start Server
   
   4.3 - Go to PhpMyAdmin
   
   4.4 - Import user_db.xml
   

6. Run Development server

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.
